1) Can you make sure all the labels are large enough if we shrink the figures to single colum ones?
TODO: check numbering is still big enough at single column width

2) I think some of the y labels still say W instead of w
- I checked again. They do not say W instead of w.  This can be checked by comparing to "H" in "Hz/cm^2".
3) Can you indicate in 4C the value corresponding to the fitted a value for the two models (i.e., a=1.55 and 9.3).
Maybe use a large square instead of a circle?
TODO: change 2 circles to squares in Fig. 4C

4) I am a bit uncomfortable claiming the 4/3 value unless it turns out to be a universal number. So, can you determine the
asymptotic behavior for different parameter combinations?
TODO: plot various LPM annihilation rates versus a and see if I still get 4/3.

5) I still don't agree that 1A and S1 are the best way of showing annihilation events in the simulations.
We want to show that "This attractive motion stems from the fact that annihilation occurs
when the activation front connecting the tip pair is blocked by a nearby polarized region,
resulting in a rapid shrinking of the activation front and the removal of the pair (see also
Movie S1)."
So, we need to show snapshots that display the nearby polarized region. This is not really shown in Fig. 1A (and S1).
Also, we want to show that the annihilating pair is connected by an activation front. This is also not shown in 1A.
I think you need to pick times that are closer to annihilation to clear show that 1. the pair is connected by an activation front and 2. there is a nearby repolarization zone that block further propagation of the pair-front.
TODO: make new snapshots of the full models that show activation fronts shrinking after connecting

6) I wrote a concluding paragraph. Let me know what you think. I think we have to say something about creation but it does
set us up for rejection...
TODO: read/comment on concluding paragraph in the Letter

Regarding the SI (which I have not read in detail yet)
A) Let's get rid of your Supplementary Figure 2 since we don't refer to it in the main text and I don't think it is necessary to show this.
B) Supplemental Fig. 3B should be your Supplemental Fig. 2C. By the way, why are the FK results only for A up to 40 cm^2?
Supplemental Fig. 3A should show the equivalent of Fig. 2A for a different domain size.
C) Your Supplemental Fig. 2B is never referred to in the main text. So, I think we can remove it.
TODO: get rid of Supplementary Figure 2 and replace with a modified version of Supplementary Figure 3
D) Supplemental Fig. 4 should show the exponential dependence of \tau on A.
Suplementary Figure 2 2E) Your Supplemental Fig. 4 may or may not be necessary. I haven't had a chance to digest that one....
TODO: modify current Supplementary Figure 4 or remove...

W-J
